People are capable of the most terrible things when they’re desperate.
You keep surviving no matter what — you just don’t give up.
Sometimes things don’t work out the way we want them to.
If you lie to me one more time, you will never see me again.
Endure and survive.
This world doesn’t always give you what you want — it gives you what it has left.
You don’t get to rush a healing heart.
You have no idea what loss is.
I’m gonna find, and I’m gonna kill every last one of them.
Be careful who you trust — not everyone deserves that privilege.
The thing about trust is — it’s easier to break than bones.
If we’re gonna survive, we’re gonna have to fight for it.
Sometimes you have to do what’s necessary, even if it’s not right.
I’m not running. We finish what we started.
Bad things happen to good people all the time.
It’s not the infected that scare me — it’s the living.
Some people are just meant to be alone — and that’s how they stay alive.
If I don’t take care of you, I’ll lose the only good thing I have left.
I did what I had to — and I’d do it again.
Survival isn’t living — it’s what’s left when living is gone.
I’ve struggled a long time with survivin’, but no matter what, you keep finding something to fight for.
After all we’ve been through. Everything that I’ve done. It can’t be for nothing.
Everyone I have cared for has either died or left me. Everyone — fucking except for you.
So don’t tell me that I would be safer with someone else…
When you’re lost in the darkness, look for the light.
I will not turn into one of those things.
We’re not things. We’re people.
Hope. It’s one of the only things stronger than fear.
You’re right. You’re not my daughter. And I sure as hell ain’t your dad.
It’s not about being safe. It’s about being certain.
I got you, baby girl.
I was never afraid before you showed up.
Tell them Ellie’s the name of the little girl… that broke your fucking finger!
You know, as dangerous as those things are, at least they’re predictable. It’s the normal people that scare me.
Everyone’s changed. Everybody is hurting.